today I'm going to show you the extreme
production carbon fiber frame for the
blade 130x at first I'll take off my
canopy and here is the frame the frame
itself is constructed of one millimeter
carbon fiber all the way around and some
nice features of the frame that give it
some of the damages overstock is here
you can see the battery tray it's
already cut out if you want to upgrade
to a different brushless motor so here i
have my spin 8000 motor and as you can
see it fits perfectly there's no need to
cut this frame and the motor mount on
this frame is metal as you can see right
there so there's no need to add anything
to stiffen up the motor mount this one
is already good here you can see the
holes for the motor mount or slot it so
when you loosen the screws you could
slide your motor back and forth to get
perfect gear mesh and the spin 8000
motor will now work with a 9 tooth to a
13 tooth pinion in this frame without
touching the elevator servo as you can
see right here running on an 11 tooth
pinion I've plenty of space with the
front elevator servo and another nice
thing is the front elevator servo on the
screen alright there we go as you can
see it's held in with two screws so
basically all you need to do is take out
these two screws and then there's two
slots on the bottom that just slides
into so once the two screws are removed
you just slide the servo out there's no
need to split the front to split the
frame like you have to do with the stock
frame which is really nice it makes it
easy to take out your servo
if you damage it or if you have to clean
it and then around the back of either
the extreme canopy mounts or the stock
canopy mounts will work and then there's
also the boom block it's made of plastic
those you can see it's extremely thick
it's a very strong sock and a break on
you and the frame overall because of
this it's very stiff the boom blox so
big the bearing blocks in the motor
mount are all metal the carbon fibers is
relatively thick compared to other
frames so this frame has absolutely no
flecks in it whatsoever and that really
health improves my helicopter when this
was in a stock frame I had some really
really bad vibrations that I could not
get rid of once I put it in this frame
they all want to like to smoothest my
helicopter has ever been on the bottom
you have the option to mount stocks kids
and here you have your boom support
holes and another thing about the boom
block is all that I had to do was push
my tail boom in all the way and I gave
me the perfect gear mesh between my a
and B gear so it was really easy to get
my helicopter nice and smooth and if you
need change the B year might be thinking
this is in the light and it's all
covered but all you need to do is if you
remove this servo you could put the
begin an end of like a point nine
millimeter allen key and slide it in
through here and you'll be able to get
the big ear into place so you can just
remove the servo and it'd be easier than
taking off half the side frame the a
gear that one might feel
little bit harder to get to but if you
upgrade to the metal a year you'll never
have to worry about that stripping out
and speaking of metal gears back here i
have my extreme production hardened
steel metal see in detail years they
worked really well for me i need to put
a few shims behind my seat year to get
it perfect but overall it's not bad just
to put a few shims back there to get rid
of any wobble that might be on the
torque tube shaft because every torque
tube is manufactured slightly
differently so not every gear is going
to fit exactly perfect on it of my D
gear that fit on perfectly it was very
nice fit onto the tail shaft and then i
have my extreme production tail grips
and tail slider and as you can see
person dose slop in this help at all the
very nice gives me a very locked in
feeling and lastly i have the new
extreme production swashplate and as you
can see they've now raised the back
anti-rotation pin so now when you give
elevator movement to your blade 130x
it's going to go straight back or
straightforward it's not going to have
any interactions or tilt to the side
it's going to work perfectly so overall
the six-string production carbon fiber
frame it's me my helicopter much better
makes a lot smoother and just a great
upgrade overall and there's only a very
minimal weight gain over stock so i
wouldn't hesitate to use it whatsoever